Update what-is-devant.md (#4)
wso2/docs-devant: en/docs/what-is-devant.md

# What is Devant?

> Devant is a powerful IPaaS with first-class AI support. Integrate any AI agent into the integrations you build in low-code and pro-code, and jump from siloed systems to intelligent digital experiences with Devant by WSO2—the AI iPaaS that your AI Agents can call “home”.

Reviewer: s/jump from/move away/

> Devant is a powerful IPaaS with first-class AI support. Integrate any AI agent into the integrations you build in low-code and pro-code, and move away siloed systems to intelligent digital experiences with Devant by WSO2—the AI iPaaS that your AI Agents can call “home”.

Reviewer: This is my bad, it should be "move away from".

Author: Updated

> Devant is a powerful IPaaS with first-class AI support. Integrate any AI agent into the integrations you build in low-code and pro-code, and move away from siloed systems to intelligent digital experiences with Devant by WSO2—the AI iPaaS that your AI Agents can call “home”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Devant is a powerful IPaaS with first-class AI support. Incorporate AI agents into the integrations you build in low-code and pro-code, and move away from siloed systems to intelligent digital experiences with Devant by WSO2—the AI iPaaS that your AI Agents can call “home”.
```

## Key capabilities of Devant

### Efficient and effective development

> - **AI-Assisted Development**: Devant includes a widely adopted VS Code-based editor with an integrated AI copilot, which aids developers at every stage, from code generation to refactoring.

Reviewer: Please replace `widely adopted`, it sounds like editor is `widely adopted` not VSCode. eg `developer friendly`. Btw VSCdoe is one word.

- **Unified Low-Code and Pro-Code Development**: Allows seamless transitions between low-code and pro-code development, accommodating a diverse range of developer skills and preferences.
- **Comprehensive Protocol and AI Support**: Built-in capabilities to integrate with third-party AI services, vector databases, and support for protocols such as TCP, UDP, FILE, Websub, and Websubhub.
- **Git Repository Integration**: Effortlessly connect to Git-based platforms like GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab to develop components by linking an existing repository.

### Design for security, governance, and developer experience

> - **Domain-Driven Design**: Organize enterprise systems into domains, exposing managed APIs, events, and data through projects. Each project consists of components representing units of deployment.

Reviewer: Cell-based architecture should be the first point.

> - **Application Security Design**: Leverage [cell-based architecture](https://github.com/wso2/reference-architecture/blob/master/reference-architecture-cell-based.md), where projects become governable units from development to deployment, ensuring managed access via APIs, events, and data.

Reviewer: Shouln't cell-based architecture should be the title of the point. We are tring to market cell-based architecture as well.

> - **Domain-Driven Design**: Organize enterprise systems into domains, exposing managed APIs, events, and data through projects. Each project consists of components representing units of deployment.

Reviewer: Don't think ` Domain-Driven Design` means this. Shall we say something like `Composable architecture`

- **Developer-Centric Design**: Tools and workflows tailored specifically for integration developers, enhancing debugging, testing, and issue identification.

> 

Reviewer 2: We don't need these details.

Author: I got these info from the marketing doc `https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cQhBN5Rnj330Crj_lMuEjA-s4mFlrxAb4VJdJ3w38YI/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.upca3pg5hzpd` It seems they have been removed now. Any reason to do so?

Reviewer 2: we dont need to highlight cell based architecture in integration context. its for the choreo

Author: Removed

- **Engineering Insights**: Gain visibility into engineering insights and advanced data analytics to make data-driven decisions, optimize processes, and improve efficiency.
- **API Analytics**: Understand API performance and adoption patterns to identify and resolve operational bottlenecks.

> Devant is your all-in-one AI platform for building, deploying, and managing integrations with ease, security, and efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Devant is your all-in-one AI-capable platform for building, deploying, and managing integrations with ease, security, and efficiency.
```
